
Dr. Artemy Malkov:
Please write the following idea in this file.
we do project that will be called Quest Management Academy And within this project we will make course for project managers, product managers and people who are engaged in ambitious projects we will do how to send such projects to them.
The main problem we see in these clients is The fact that the project is ambitious and incomprehensible.
It's not clear what to do, but it should be done very well.
From here, a few more problems.
This is how to work with indeterminacies, how to reduce them How to do something that the project sponsor will like when Uh, little time and the result is not guaranteed.
From here, the problem is that - It is correct to organize interaction between project manager, team captain, Um, and, accordingly, on the one hand, and on the other hand, with the sponsor of the project that allocates the budget.
Sponsor, investor.
Maybe.
That is, we need so that these two countries take a risk together project.
Because if there is no mutual understanding between them, then most likely The investor will spend money Uh...
The captain of the team will try very hard, but will do something wrong.
And everyone will be offended with each other.
Therefore, in order for everyone not to be offended with each other, it is necessary to do so that Uh, Nash There was a mutual understanding between the project managers and Uh, Sponsor so that they are ready for the fact that the problem will not be solved completely, but only partially.
In our course, we go through all stages, that is, this is the primary strategy of the project execution, this is uncertainty, This is a fight against blockers that don't allow you to move on.
This is Uh... testing that can be delayed because we can find out something like that which we did not foresee at the beginning of the project
All these moments Uh...
In general, you need to be prepared for the fact that we will face them and in our course we will teach What should leaders and investors do with it?
here, fold it all that I just said into the file - Thank you.
Bye.
